hey while we're here for a while we need
to make some shelter so I'm trying to
build an igloo not so good how's it
going guys we're talking my igloo how do
we fix the Paciello penguin well you see
we cannot give her a different pair of
legs and unless we you know find her old
legs we're gonna find your old legs it's
me look around I'm not talking as I need
to find some more I SKUs redford up or
my eagle hey what's this what is this
legs I found her legs you did okay girl
need to bring this immediately we
mustn't missiles minute wow that's great
we found your legs but what else is back
there in the shock you bring it over
here you look like plans for electro
magnet 3000 whom I feel like old man
history thousand hey will that oh that
one shot
not that she's here wasn't says it says
Herbert was Herbert you got me man we
should should probably check up on the
on the pyjama penguin yeah gummy guy was
doing yeah you're right but still I
wonder who Lewbert is and he's dissing
ekram Magnus 3000 whatever that is hmm
seems weird let's go and fly and see how
she's doing yeah
ok so we're here now so we have more
stuff here rescued sword as right man so
over there Shaq gama go pajama penguin
how's it going thanks guys for finding
my legs she's a girl else thanks to you
sleep its leg I eyes nothing really
gamma girl I want to show you something
sure sometimes I wish I could fly so how
was surgery I want to talk about you
damn ago i'll show you something I found
these things here while ago when i was
outside first i found some a a a
blueprint for electro Magnus 3000 I
think I've heard of that it was in the
Xindi used to it was in the gift shop
long time to gift shop yeah and then I
found this so this thing just piece of
paper just fell from the sky it says
Hobart on it I know who Herbert is with
you that's highly classified information
i don't think i could tell you ok you're
the hero just great that Zama penguin is
back to normal right thank you slay guy
well I got glad you toss those smells
make me wanna vomit
haha those stupid Eddie I penguins got
teleported here to the city including
myself why crossing click click click
click click yes have a point there but
why didn't you why didn't you correctly
on that error lick lick lick good good
don't come back to me kick well it's not
so bad here is he says warmer here
finally right let's eat click so anyways
what am I gonna do with this cross a
down good boy click click click just
stupid penguins they're gonna be stuck
here forever and they're never gonna
find me in Castle dear Herbert click
click click indeed my my little
companion klutzy indeed